Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, April
the 22nd.
My name is Emery band and this is the
Money Ball morning report.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Mentler Q,
data analytics by Trade Wave and news by
Benzinga Pro.
We're taking a look at the E-mini S&P
this morning. It's a very
uh interesting
um
We had a very interesting day yesterday.
So, in the grand scheme of things, we're
right on schedule.
I said we're going to have chop and the
dips are going to be bought. So, you
might go, "Wow, Emery, that is kind of
hard based on what yesterday was doing."
Big wicks, very ugly price pattern. We
still held the 200.
Institutional uh MOC
same sort of thing. They bought in at
that 200.
They bought in at the gamma flip line
which turns things from gamma positive
to gamma negative.
That's important.
They did
everything that they were supposed to
do, but it was a very choppy ride. Now,
some of us did very well. Some of us did
poorly because the ride was choppy. But,
the big framework is the following.
Institutional uh participation is
heavy.
And so, what we are seeing is the dip
buying formations because they are
looking towards resolution as opposed to
something else. Now, they're not so much
firing at each other in sort of spaces.
They're
I don't know. Capturing each other's
vessels or whatever. I I don't know.
This is a
This is a giant
chess game of all kinds of things going
on. So,
after the third day of sideways action,
well, really, one massive day upside and
then two days of sitting inside of the
range and volume of the primary
formations here, what are we looking at?
We're looking at
our Globex open candle being the low
candle of the day.
And we're looking at our 4:00 a.m.
candle
holding its low is above the high of
the Globex opening candle.
This tells me that dips are buys one
more time.
The CTAs are going to be buying the
dips. They really really are and it's
thrown people off. It really is. It's
thrown people off. And here's the thing,
it's not so much about, "Well, that was
a bearish candle or this was a bullish
candle." It's the noise all the way down
into support. So, remember we're sitting
in a very noisy patch. Super important,
okay? Let's go through some levels. Put
wall
7200. Excuse me, that's the call wall.
Sorry.
Call wall 7200.
Put wall
something like that. It looks a little
bit over 7000 to be honest. Maybe 7020.
These are just ranges. I was doing a
show the other day, somebody said
"Yeah, you know, anything except
option flow is speculation." Well, I got
news for you. Option flow is
speculation. So, there you have it.
Everything is speculation.
Gamma walls
that's the important edge. We stay in
gamma positive. Where is the pivot? It's
underneath us. It's holding as support.
The anchored V up also underneath us
holding as support. We are inside the
value area high low of this region. That
number is the low is 7114.
The high is 7156.
Dips are buys. How far could the dips
be?
Listen, we could hit that gamma flow
again. Look at the size
of the closing candle.
It's insane.
We're sitting inside the closing candle.
We just broke above it.
And that's
bullish. So, pullbacks buy zones,
particularly the 200, straight up
momentum, straight up lines in the sand.
You know, if we lose value area low, you
probably want to step out of the way if
you're thinking about just flat out
buying. I wouldn't be buying until it's
down here.
I like this area for the buy at 70
Whoops, that's a whole Fibonacci. Look
at that. Even that Fibonacci works.
My goodness.
Let's try another.
Fibonacci in play.
I would not be surprised to see us at
the gamma wall again.
That's 7096.
We had several thousand lots go off
around that area. 7085, 7086. Big
numbers on the buy. Big ones.
That's bullish. Okay? That's bullish.
So, there we have it.
Upside pressure
7170.
Maybe
7180.
Could we go all the way to the call wall
7200? Yes. Do I think we go all the way
to call wall? No.
Do I think we head back down to the
gamma flip area and bounce? Yes. So,
that's what I'm going to be looking for.
It's a mixed bag. This very messy. If
you were extremely deliberate, you'd
find a nice trade. Otherwise,
it was going to give you the business.
As my grandmother would say.
Right? The one to one of this
candlestick gives us the high
of around
90.
Wow.
That took a lot of talking.
Let's go through quickly here.
Wow, we are still inside of this
1:00 p.m. candlestick from
the biggest day we had to close the
week.
Right? So, today is
Wednesday. Um if we don't break the lows
today, we would have had the lows for
the week, statistically speaking.
I know that's sort of weird, but it
happens to work out. Not sure why. So,
these guys fill the gap nicely. The NQ
looks really good. Upward flow, bounced
off the 200, same sort of thing, same
box.
This is the area we're looking at.
26,700
and
70.
Right? That's been holding as support.
Globex candle
lower than the
4:00 a.m. candle. And so, if the 9:00
a.m. candle bounces out, we've got
ourselves a rally here.
It's not a lockout rally of last week,
but it's certainly a rally. Right? And
so,
dips are buys.
The 200 is all the way down here at
value area low. That's 26,680.
Where is the pivot?
And the anchored V up both acting as
support. That's 26,722.
My thought is if you're only looking for
bullish flow,
wait for the big dip.
If you're thinking about bearish flow,
be very careful. You're going to get
your face ripped off.
And just use flow. A lot of people are
complaining about news.
The news did not catch anybody that was
trading with this mechanic. It did not
catch them off sides in a way that
really hurt their account.
Why? Because it doesn't matter what the
news is saying.
It's where price action ends up flowing.
It's It's such an interesting game. But,
at the end of the day,
we're in consolidation after a massive
week. I would not be surprised
to see us come back in and test the zero
DTE put wall. So, let Oh, wow, that's
the That's the real put wall. Sorry.
So, what do we have? We have the call
wall
at 26
26,900.
Should be 27,000, really.
But, it looks like 26,900.
Um the put wall is
26 Sorry, my eyes are not working today.
26,600.
Uh the walls
are doing a fairly good job of telling
us what's going on.
But, really, you just have to think
about how big money's positioning.
All of them have gone long way down
here.
They know it's a period of consolidation
and digestion and that they cannot buy
it unless it breaks out. So, that's what
they're waiting for, the break. If the
break doesn't come, we've got another
storyboard. If the break does come,
it's do not try and and short this top
because it is going to run madly. We're
seeing big order flow come in at the end
of the day. Okay?
Where is the pivot? 26,726.
Above it, buyers. Below it,
sellers. But again, that's a little
simplistic. Everything's about trend.
It'll sell down into support. It'll buy
back up into the into the formation.
Output flow Vwap grade holding a support
50 holding a support 200 trending up
momentum trending up dips arise.
Wow, lucky lucky. All right. Speaking of
something else that is
desperately trying to be bought, this
one did a fantastic storyboard of moving
to the north. Take a look at the flow
from a regular overnight session. Boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom.
And the flow of last night's overnight
session.
That's big, folks.
That That's really big. So,
dips arise obviously because this is
double top. I would not buy this top.
However,
the longer it sits above
this line at 78,000, the more likely it
is it breaches.
That's just important. The
The zero DTE put wall is 70 78,000.
The big put wall is down here at 72,000.
The call wall of it 81,000.
Um
This is also very interesting. What do I
want to say about this?
Um
I want to say
that that's a lot of volume.
1:00 a.m. candle
That's a little bit past Asia close.
Globex candle big.
Uh excuse me, lower than all the other
candles of import.
That looks like a breakaway. Here's the
thing. Look at how far it is away from
the 50.
I think there're going to be enough
people shorting this area
to bring it back into flows that make
sense.
And where is that?
Value area high. 76,000 Excuse me. Yeah,
76,100.
76,000 Excuse me. 76,000
600.
That seems like the better bet.
The
pivot is well below it. 75,000 that's
super important. Look at these pivot
flows.
I wouldn't I would not be mad at a fade,
but I don't want to short it.
I do not want to short it. So, if you do
short it, you want to be careful.
Right? It's up near areas that are very
shortable.
But you do want to be careful. It's It's
That's That's interesting. I don't know
what else to say about that.
If it pulls down into the deep edge near
75,500,
75,000,
it's going to give you another buy.
Here's oil.
Same thing. Everybody's in
consolidation. Great big moves last week
and now sitting tight.
Frames sideways.
Is this looking bullish to me? Well, I
got to tell you, if I saw a stock doing
this,
looks like an inverted head and
shoulders pattern. So,
I would not be disinclined to buy.
But my style is to wait for the dip and
let it come to me. If it comes to me
cheap, I'm going to get it. If not, I'm
going to wait for something else that's
cheap to come and get me.
Where are we in relation to the pivot?
Well, we're above it.
We're also above the anchored Vwap.
We're above the gamma wall between uh
positive gamma and negative gamma, but
take a look at the behavior in the
overnight. Where are we sitting right
now?
Right in the middle of the Globex
candle.
Right in the middle of it. Here's our
3:30 oil candle. Take a look at this
thing.
I mean, wow.
No shadow underneath.
None.
And then it bounces. We break,
test that 50,
and now we're here on top of the 200 for
the second time.
Um on a on a retest below. So,
this is the flow. The high
92 and some change. 9220. If it gets
above there,
wait for a look above
and go means it looks above, pulls back,
gives us a higher low, and it rotates,
and then
if it's comes below, you know the same
thing.
Right? This box. Just clone this box,
and we'll see where it goes.
Back down to 84.
Could be.
50% line certainly appears to be where
they're working with this box right now
for the
uh
closing candlestick on the day. Just
bananas that closing action. I knew it
would be, but wow, it was insane.
Absolutely insane. If you did not have
your eyes on the big picture, you got
smoked.
You absolutely got smoked. So, there we
have it.
Big picture.
Dips arise here.
Be careful though because it could still
be sideways. If you want to take a
short,
support ledge 87 8677.
Put wall is at
87.
So is the gamma flip.
Where is the call wall? Whoa.
Look at where the call wall is. 100
and two.
That is crazy. Who knew? Well,
option traders are definitely thinking
that way that there's more upside in
oil. I'm not disinclined
to agree, truly.
I don't know why I say that. That's such
double language right there.
I agree with Okay.
So, now we have gold.
Gold came right into our target.
4686.
Absolute
textbook rotation and then the bounce
all the way back up. Okay, here's the
story. What next?
I think oil uh gold continues to fade.
Now, where will I be wrong?
I'm going to be wrong
if it breaches
the heavy congestion zone, the value
area high, and stays there. And so that
number
is 4850.
Okay?
I took
a short in one of my other accounts here
and held on to it painfully
and then finally covered today. So,
that was I was not happy about that, but
in the smaller accounts, you know, you
can't hang on to these things overnight.
Um so, I did get stopped out on a long
yesterday. Had a short yesterday here.
Went really well. The question is,
what's next? I think the bounce into the
pivot
of yesterday around
mm
4800 should give me a short. And then
the pivot
Today's pivot is 4760.
We sit above it. We're above the Globex
candle and then above the 4:00 a.m.
candle.
Uh everything here looks bullish. And
so, bullish into our 4817
uh 4850
potentially.
Then we should stall out.
Have ourselves another run to the
downside.
Um
Yeah, that's That's
That's it.
It's very sideways though. So, I'm not
taking a position until I see what it
does up here
because I like having trades I don't
really have to worry about.
And that up here level is 4800.
Oh, for the love of Pete, I just
remembered something I was supposed to
do. Dang on it.
All right, forget about it. So, here we
are. Look at this monstrosity of
pricing. Let's remove all the
annotations here.
Okay. So, here we've got our pivots.
We can see they're sideways, right? If
you look at the anchors, you can see
this whole area here sideways.
But look at how far above value area
high we're sitting in the spy right now.
It's very high. Value area high 702 and
some change. The 200 upside.
Dips are buys.
Right? The dips
probably could be pretty big.
Yesterday's dip had everybody thinking,
"Oh no, this is terrible." But really we
have to see what they've been doing over
here.
Because remember it's gamesmanship.
It's can you shake somebody out
and then move in the direction the
market is really going.
And so far that direction it's really
going
is up.
And so what we have to stare down is
our location. We're building a new
volume node up here above 706.
Today's pivot is 706 exactly. We are
under the 50,
holding the VWAP,
and above the 200.
I believe we dribble down and have a
mean reversion trade. Fill in this
blank.
What does that make me do?
I'm I'm inclined to short the highs.
I am.
Um
the gamma wall is at 703.
Can you guys tell that I did not sleep
well? Yeah. The gamma wall is at 703,
high 7
12 and some change.
Big picture is down here.
I would not I would not be mad at a
short here.
But
I'm much more inclined to just wait for
the dip and buy with the CTAs.
Or holding the price action up. So, what
is the big thing to look at?
Relative to yesterday's close and let me
shut these pivots off for just us to
quick sec.
All right.
If we take a look at this
to have a gander at
the 30-minute candle closing. See, we
just got above it, but the 50 is there.
This looks like a buying formation right
now.
So, although I want to short it, I
cannot.
Why?
Cuz I'm now at the top of the massive
volume box.
And if I'm at the top of that massive
volume box
and my pre-market has been trending to
the upside, it's going to be a buy.
And that's going to send us up into 712
and some change.
So,
I'm looking for the dip that hits the
gamma wall,
dribbles around,
and then gives me the opportunity to go
long. So, I will go long into
resistance. I will not go long and hold.
Long into resistance, short into
support, and then turn back around.
Momentum is flat but beginning to trend
up. All right, folks. That's it for me.
I'll see you on the streams.